You are guilty of losing money
Sir, I am wronged
This case of Zuo Yuner being kidnapped
I didn't know.
This is clearly someone trying to frame me
Adult shut up
Kidnapping
The evidence goes away
Also with the rescuers
You really don't dare to use it on you, okay?
Sir, I am really wronged.
They said they saw me kidnap Soyun'er
Who saw it with their own eyes?
Hey sir, look
This is clearly a false accusation, hahaha.
wronged
There are some doubts about the kidnapping
But you set up a private court
Suspected of homicide
This is what I saw with my own eyes
Can this also be argued?
Somebody drag Sun Quan out
Weighs up to 20 boards
Don't you dare
My father is a Spurchon
Veterans of the Three Dynasties
My little aunt
You are Concubine Donggong Defei
You are just a newly appointed Minister of the Ministry of Justice
How dare you execute me
I think you don't want to live anymore
If that came from your father
I would hesitate
You're just a stubborn child who doesn't even have an official body
How dare you threaten me?
Come
Sun Quan annihilates the world
Sin plus one
full
Dad